clarify the usage of S3 credentials (#38)
stac-extensions/authentication: README.md

  }
}
```

> ### Simple S3 authentication
> To use simple S3 authentication one has to set some environmental variables with S3 credentials:
> 
> ```AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY```
> ```AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID```
> 
> or to specify:
> 
> [user profile](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/v1/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-format) with a proper reference to ```AWS_PROFILE``` in the file ```AWS_CONFIG_FILE```. For more info please visit [GDAL vsis3 documentation](https://gdal.org/en/latest/user/virtual_file_systems.html#vsis3-aws-s3-files). 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Simple S3 authentication

To use simple S3 authentication one has to set some environmental variables with S3 credentials:

- `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
- `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`

**or** specify a [user profile](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/v1/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-format)
with a proper reference to `AWS_PROFILE` in the file `AWS_CONFIG_FILE`.

For more information please see either
[GDAL vsis3](https://gdal.org/en/latest/user/virtual_file_systems.html#vsis3-aws-s3-files) or
[AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/v1/userguide/cli-configure-files.html) documentation. 

```

  }
}
```

### Simple S3 authentication

To use simple S3 authentication one has to set some environmental variables with S3 credentials:

- `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
- `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`

**or** specify a [user profile](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/v1/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-format)
with a proper reference to `AWS_PROFILE` in the file `AWS_CONFIG_FILE`.

For more information please see either
[GDAL vsis3](https://gdal.org/en/latest/user/virtual_file_systems.html#vsis3-aws-s3-files) or
[AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/v1/userguide/cli-configure-files.html) documentation. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Additionally, if the `s3` authentication method is referred to through `auth:refs`, you should disable signing requests,
e.g. through setting `AWS_NO_SIGN_REQUEST` to `NO`. Otherwise it should be `YES`.

```
